This is called as a root cause analysis engine, which is used to debug the memory-related issues, specifically for Java applications, and we can extend it for other issues as well. The flow is really simple. There are some pre-configured alerts, and we click the configured, and it triggers alerts, alerts manager triggers the alert when the high memory issue happens, and further receive that alert via webhook API, located at API slash webhook. So once it gets webhook, it tries to initiate a diagnostic, it tries connection to various MCP servers as well, tries to collect the data from multiple MCP servers, passes to LLM, and LLM will analyze the root cause analysis. So in this flow, as you can see, how the MCP servers are configured, even the tools are configured, which type of environment, which MCP clusters will be used, which tools will be used. What I wanted to do is I wanted to make it really dynamic, so users can just specify MCP.json, like I have a sample in deployment folder, something like that, which is supported by all major MCPs, like Cloud or some other, Cloud.gov, or it can be generic MCP as well, which is required by mission for. We can make it something more meaningful as well. Apart from that, because it might different different product flow. So as a first step, what we wanted to do is very simple, like users can just specify all the details in MCP.json, and at the time of initialization, instead of using some reading from ENV variables, Kafka can use that mounted file to get that JSON in place. And after that JSON is there, so Kafka can parse that JSON and know that what are the MCP servers are available, what is the URL, what is the health check URL, and what is the tools I am allowed to use. Based on that, whether I need something MCP factory or MCP registry, whatever we can call it. And that MCP registry or factory takes care of MCP client, which are further specific clients, which can be used to query that particular MCP server. And in diagnostic data, instead of manually calling API, I can just do call MCP registry dot collect data, which can get, like for cluster environment or based on the environment types, what all MCP servers I have, and dynamically collect all the data and just return a single data. You can add the supporting classes as well to store the data, and the same data should be stored in context table as well. We need to store that particular context as well. And in the context table, I think we don't have the tool name, so we need to store data in the format that MCP server name, tool name, and type of data, whatever data we can store, and PG variables also from there, so that we can search for me. And similarly, something like this only we need to do. And flow we don't need to do it in, like one flow. Later on, my long-term plan, but that is not required now, to directly mount this MCP server, cloud agent, like AI agents directly, like for Bob, it supports home directory dot Bob folder network cloud. I can just pass this file while launching service. Or suppose I added a new AI flow, and then I can have multiple of that. One caveat is that I want you to use this MCP file in Dev mode also. We need to think of, we can mount this file in Dev mode for how Dev mode will work. And apart from this, yeah, that's all I feel. So you need to find the best way, best production way possible, how we can do it, and prepare an idea for that, and sample MCP.json is already there. Just refresh.